Hey everyone, and thanks for jumping
back into the cryptoverse.
Today, we're going to talk about
Bitcoin, the beauty of mathematics, part
71.
If you guys like the content, make sure
you subscribe to the channel, give the
video a thumbs up, and also check out
the sale on Into the Cryptoverse Premium
at intothecryptoverse.com.
Before we jump in, I just wanted to say
I appreciate everyone subscribing to the
channel over the last 7 years. I
actually started this channel in June
of 2019.
And now,
uh 7 years later,
thanks to all of you guys, I have
reached 1 million subscribers. So,
you know, I remember back in in 2019
when I hit my first 100 subscribers, uh
sort of bragging to to my wife about it
and being like, "Look, there's like 100
people that care what I have to say."
And and kind of being shocked that that
even people cared what I have to say.
And I was just starting the channel to
try to help some people
uh avoid some of the mistakes that I had
made. And I had no idea it was going to
turn into this. In fact, I actually
started this channel
um
I I was doing my post-doc, and I I went
to Portland, Oregon in 2019 to present
my research at this high energy density
physics conference. And after I
presented it, like I was really nervous
uh for the presentation, because I was
like presenting in front of like all
these like physicists and stuff. And I
was really nervous. And then I got
through it, and then it felt like this
like weight was lifted off of me.
Uh this was like 1 year after my
post-doc began. And that night, I just
like went up to the hotel room,
uh instead of going out and partying
like maybe uh
most people maybe would have, I just
went upstairs and started a YouTube
channel. And and the rest is history,
right? I I the rest is history. And um
uh yeah, I mean, it's it's been a crazy
journey, and you know, I've made a lot
of mistakes along the way. Like, I mean,
obviously, I want Someone just
unsubscribed. Um I I've made a lot of
mistakes along the way, and you know, I
hope I can I can learn from them those
mistakes. Hopefully, you guys will learn
from those mistakes as well. And I will
I will just simply try and do uh the
best that I can. So, to kind of go back,
some of the first videos on my channel
was this one, um back when Ethereum was
like bottoming out against Bitcoin back
in 2019, and I mean, that was just so
long ago. It It just feels so long ago
now.
Uh let me just play the beginning. I
don't even think I started the intro the
same way back then.
>> All right, welcome everyone back to the
cryptoverse. Today, we're going to be
talking about
>> Yeah, so kind of different. But anyways,
again, I I do appreciate everyone
subscribing over the last 7 years. It
means a lot. Um and just as a reminder,
I couldn't have done this without
without you guys.
So,
uh the beauty of mathematics, you know,
this this chart here, I've I've had it
for I want to say like 5 or 6 years now.
And I wonder if it's due for an update.
You know, I've been thinking about that
recently. Because for some of the
Bitcoin stuff, we've you know, I've
updated it in a working paper, and I'm
going to update it one final time after
this year is over. I think by including
the midterm year data in its
completeness, it'll help predict the
next cycle top. If you only fit it
through May, which is what I've done so
far for the Bitcoin data for the Bitcoin
models,
it's not going to be quite as as
accurate, I think, for predicting future
tops. So, I'll probably refit that at
the end of the year just to have the
most up-to-date model that I can
uh going into sort of 2027 2028. And
then it got me thinking, maybe I should
do the same for this. So, I haven't done
that yet, but I will soon, maybe on the
next video uh that that covers this
stuff.
But I mean, you can see that sort of the
assessment that this whole cycle was
kind of like that 2019
move, and then we just kind of went
above it, and then we sort of faded back
down. That's basically what we've done,
right? And my guess is that Bitcoin will
probably spend the rest of the year
below sort of the   fair
value price. That would just be my
speculation, simply because, you know,
midterm years aren't necessarily the
best for crypto. And, you know,
obviously no one exactly knows where the
bottom is.
Um June is certainly a candidate month
for at least a local low. Uh and I'm
going to just take it one step at a
time. But, I do think that we'll likely
still spend the rest of this year below
that sort of that fair value logarithmic
regression trend line, which as always
is a monotonically increasing function.
And then hopefully uh
maybe the year after, hopefully we're
back in in business.
But, you know, we've we've actually been
mostly below that sort of fair value
line for a number of years now. And I
think a lot of it has to do with how the
macro evolved. Monetary policy got a lot
tighter, you know, inflation was a
concern in 2021. And and it it it does
sort of temper expectations. And so, in
the next video that I do on this, I
would probably expect an update to the
model, probably within the next one or
two videos
on this. But,
right now, the total market cap of the
asset class is about 2.179
trillion. So, we still have come a long
way, you know, since I first started
making videos on on on Bitcoin, the
beauty of mathematics. Um I believe this
is the first one. And and while this is
the first one, it's not really the first
one, because the first one that I did
that showed this chart wasn't even
called Bitcoin and the beauty of
mathematics. I think I did like three or
four videos on the chart and it just was
called something else. But this was
probably part one uh of the entire
series. And back then, you can see that
the total market cap of the asset class
was actually only 261
billion.
And today, we are at 2.179
trillion. So, you know, you're talking
nearly an order of magnitude increase.
And what's interesting is that when this
video was recorded,
it was back sort of in that 2019-2020
era,
which arguably is where we are now,
right? In In terms of like business
cycle comparisons, we're in that like
2019-2020
era. So, who knows? Maybe when we look
back on this in say another 7 years or
10 years, we'll look back and see that a
$2 trillion market cap was was quite
small for the industry. Uh but at the
time, you know, right now, obviously it
it feels pretty bad. Ultimately, I I I
do think, and I I've said this for, you
know, basically since back then, since,
you know, 2019-2020,
I think the industry is heading to a a
$10 trillion market capitalization,
plus or minus a few trillion. And as we
go to sleep at night, we cannot help but
wonder, what's a few trillion dollars
among friends?